# Video Transcript

I'm Asif, and this is safes chemist. I'm a pharmacist here. Saifi himself has been serving the community in this area for about 45 years. We currently hit between 14 and a half to 15,000 items a month. Busy pharmacy. It's a very busy pharmacy, although it doesn't seem it. It's been a night and day difference between proscript and now having Titan before it was non stop, baskets piling up, I'd perhaps do a travel job in here. I'd then run to the back in between my jobs, start checking, bagging, getting them on the shelf, and then running back in here for my next appointment, and back and forth constantly. I have the peace of mind now to know that my staff can handle the dispensary. In fact, I rarely go in the dispensary anymore, just for a coffee every now and then. But that's it. The staff are well trained. They know what they're doing with Titan, and it's not it's not rocket science. So I'm here to nine to 630 from the full day, which is a nine hour day, all the way down to maybe an hour and a bit at most, 85% of my time, pretty much agree. I can sit here, do my jobs, spend time with my patients. Lot of our reviews will show that on Google as well. A lot of people appreciate that I'm spending time with them. We would have between five to six near misses a month easily on proscript. I've had two since we've had Titan, and, you know, that's in a year, and they have been human errors again. Now I have zero worries. Honestly, it's the best thing that's happened. I've recommended Titan to enough people for it to be genuine enough for me to say that, look, this is making a difference. It's changed our pharmacy. One of my friends in Nottingham just taking it on. He's delighted with it. A couple of forms. He's on the road. Have taken it on since we had it. From the feedback, I gather, everyone is over the moon with the fact that they can now focus on what's actually bringing in money, which is the services. Well, if you're in this area and you're thinking about getting Titan, don't get it stick to paper. If you're anywhere else, take the plunge. Honestly, the best thing ever you.
